Overall I love this college! There is great professors and they are all so nice and wanna be there to teach! All the advisors are so nice and really help you out when you need it! My experience at Bucks County Community College has been great so far academically. I would like to see communication in the financial aid department improve. I went in to speak with someone regarding loans/scholarships/etc. and was bumped around from person to person. No one was able to sit and address my specific questions about my specific courses. BCCC is a great community college to start at if you are unsure what you want to major in or just don't want to jump into a 4 year college. The professors there are very helpful and will work with you if you are struggling in class. They're are usually multiple times for certain classes in case you can't make it at a certain time. You will make friends and have many experiences along the way. I would definitely recommend Bucks to anyone, I had a great time there. I am going to be a sophomore at Bucks County Community College this fall, as far as education goes I give this school an A. Teachers are very knowledgeable and despite being a community college and being looked down on, the courses are just as challenging as any other college so you won't be shocked when you attend another college later on. The greatest downfall of this school would be it's financial aid office, and "advising" system. No matter how early you have your Fafsa done , the school never seems to have it processed in time, and it leaves you scrambling trying to figure out what's going on , and rather or not you can even afford to attend. The "advising" process is the WORST! I've only attended for a full year and I've met with at least 4 different advisers, of whom didn't seem to really help you that much. I've even been told to that I had to take certain courses and then hearing from a new adviser that those course weren't necessary. A good way to save money while completing your first two years of your college degree. Typically a very friendly and laid back atmosphere inside, and outside of classes. Bucks got me back on track to complete my bachelor's degree. The resources and staff were all excellent in making me feel comfortable and confident in my abilities. My experience with Bucks been good and bad. Some of the professor do really care about you but others just are harsh and unfair. Financial aid is always a problem every semester. Initially I was nervous; however, they had so many opportunities to visit the campus (open house... new student cookouts... mock classes) and meet the faculty... now I feel much more comfortable. I also felt very supported after meeting with career development and the accessibility department. Campus was well maintained and safety was excellent. Professors were very accessible and knowledgeable. The facilities and classroom were clean and material was available for labs. Wonderful staff and teachers, but some policies were ridiculous, and some classes were not worth the money. For example, astronomy was awful. The class sizes were small and personable. Every professor knew their students name, and because of this as students we have many resources and I myself have had an internship come from it. I absolutely love Bucks County Community College. My professors were amazing, there are always activities going on, and they provide many opportunities for students to grow. The tutoring center has been a huge help for me in the past two years. I don't think that I would have passed any of my math classes without the help of the wonderful tutors. I have never felt unsafe walking through campus, even when I took a night class. BCCC is a place where I have made new friends, connected with old ones, and became friends with people that I never thought I would be friends with. One thing I would like to see improved is the wireless internet. I have had many problems with it and have not known who to go to for help. There certainly is a stigma about community college, and I feel this is why not many students want to attend one. I attended BCCC because I was unsure of my career path and the wonderful professors were able to help and guide me in the right direction. My overall experience with Bucks County Community College has been amazing. The low prices of the classes has helped me out a lot in the long run because I will not be struggling with money as much as I would have at another college. Bucks allowed me to choose how many classes I wanted to take per semester and the class sizes were small enough that I was able to build a relationship with each of my teachers. There were also many clubs and organizations that I could pick from to become more involved with other students. Bucks has given me the head start that I needed to become successful without breaking the bank. Being a community college many people will say it does not compare to a University. Honestly, Bucks feels like a campus is exactly like a University. The staff is very professional and they really want you to succeed. Bucks County Community College has a nice campus and the teacher are also nice. Some of the teachers can be hard but if you do your work, you will be fine in the classes. Bucks County Community College is fantastic. The professors for the most part are extremely helpful and are looking for you to succeed. It's a very comfortable environment transitioning from high school to college. Buck College is one of the best community college. They offer free tutoring, and you can get help in whatever subject you need help in. All the Professors are great. I thoroughly enjoyed the education I received at Bucks. I think it's a great school to go to if you want to receive the experience that you desire, but you don't want to spend several thousands of dollars to do so. The instructors that I had in my major were all very kind and willing to help us learn, and the coursework, though challenging, wasn't insanely crippling. Would definitely recommend! I transferred to Bucks after being worn out by my time at a 4-year university. Not only was I saving a tremendous amount of money, but I was able to focus on my academics in a less stressful environment. My grades improved and my mental health as well. The professors in the Business department are all fantastic. I like that the school us diverse, and cares about its students. I really like how the student success center is always willing to take anybody even if you did not make an appointment. I can't rate the housing/dorms because there is none, and the clubs and organizations are very welcoming to new members. I made a lot of friends, and highly recommend going to this two year university before heading off to another prestigious college or university. Im currently in my second semester here. I would wait before really seriously commenting about the school. The teachers were overall very knowledgable. The location was beautiful. Classes were small enough to support learning. Easy to get loss in the shuffle. Bucks County Community College feels very close knit. The staff, clubs, and students make you feel immediately welcome. There is always something going on, whether it be eating a Thanksgiving feast or BINGO with prizes. If I were to change anything, I would choose to get rid of all the lazy professors who get paid to do nothing and keep the exceptional professors that inspire their students. Also, the appearance of the campus is sub-par. Professors are educated and know what they’re teaching. They are helpful and kind, always ready to answer questions and encouraging us to ask, as that is a great way to learn. Tuition is affordable, and because of the good education you will receive, you are definitely getting your money’s worth. I've attended Bucks County Community College online, and it is very well organized. I went there to apply and sign up for the online courses, and they were all very helpful, in fact, we got it all done by the end of the day. All my professors answer my emails quickly and contact me if they think I need help with an assignment. I use canvas for my courses, and it is really easy to find assignments, deadlines, and grades. I would recommend this school to my friends because of how good the teachers are, how easy it is to find books for the class and how well they grade essays or little assignments. Bucks is a great place for students who are maintaining an academic status and working at the same time. I would recommend this college for part time students. Bucks is a great starter-school for college. It helps ease students into the college scene without having to live on-campus. Many of the students who attend the college go to improve their GPA or save money before transferring to four-year institutions. However, if anything could change about Bucks, they should include more class variety at their Perkasie and Bristol campuses. Great college! Only negative about the school is the parking lots are a hike. All the teachers I’ve had there are great. Bucks County Community College isn't just an education. Bucks is another world full of opportunities that will lead you to develop skills that will be necessary in everyday life. I would reccomend attending Bucks not only because of the return on the investment, but the positive atmosphere that the campus posesses. Bucks is a small, tight-knit community filled with inspiring professors and kind peers. Every professor I have had was inspiring and wanted their student's to achieve. As an adult student with a full-time job, I highly recommend Bucks as a great school to help you get on your feet with the education and skills you'll need to pursue a later-in-life career change. The teachers are great, the classes are small, and time slots are available for people who work 9-5. I had a nice experience at Bucks County Community College. Most of the teachers I had were very nice and helpful. Their food isn't that good. Best to go to the nearest Chick-fil-A. So far my experience at Bucks has been very possitive. After not being in school for 30 years everyone has been very helpful and answers all of my questions. The professors have been great and helpful and willing to take the time to explain something that you don't understand. I am a non-traditional student and will have attended Bucks for the better part of five years to complete my associates in business administration. I have interacted with administration members, financial aid staff, guidance counselors, book store staff, professors, and peers and have truly valued and appreciated the interactions. The professors are always helpful and supportive, which makes the goal achievable. bucks is a wonderful college. IF your looking to save money and take the alternative route of transferring to a university. bucks is the way to go. not so expensive. great teachers great atmosphere. A great community college to start at, whether it's to transfer or go to work after 2 years. Aside from the Financial Aid office, most of the staff are extremely helpful in assisting your career goals. Bucks is a very good school. Everyone there is very polite and nice and does their own business. There are a lot of good places to study or even just hang out between classes. The teachers are nice and want to help you with any problems you may have. The food leaves a little to be desired but there are many great places in the Newtown area to get food. However parking isn't the best, so getting there early would be best and not leaving the lot until you have to go home is a good idea. the campus is a little big and if you don't know where things are it might be hard to navigate but once you get the hang of the way things are you can run around campus and get to classes easily. Schooling at BCCC offers me the ability to grow and make connections, while saving money. It mirrors the on campus experience of four year colleges without the extra cost. Professors are motivated to help their students succeed, and if you decide to work hard your environment gives back to you. The administration staff are super helpful. My professors really care about helping the students learn. And the class sizes are perfect ! Overall a great environment to learn in . Bucks County Community College is great starting school. Coming out of high school and not knowing what I wanted to pursue in life, Bucks made it easy and helped me choose what I should pursue. My experience with staff has been nothing but amazing. The staff want to help you and are very friendly. They want you in and out so you can move onto bigger and better things but, want you to enjoy your experience there and be more than prepared for whatever you want to do. So far I love the professors who are true masters at their craft. I currently major in Computer Networking Technology and I really do feel prepared to take certification tests once I am done with this semester. The facilities are very nice and the location beautiful. Overall, I am very pleased with this community college and what it has to offer! I recommend to go! I think it's a good way to save money and going to college. The teachers and staff are very helpful and they always have ways of getting the students involved. I have very much enjoyed my time there. I am a student here at bucks and my experience with them is Rocky. I can never get my advisor on the phone or by email, sometimes I have to do a pop up visit. Financial aid and student accounts are no help at all for anything. I love all the teachers and students that go to this college. I have never had a bad teacher or a bad interaction with one. For the most part the faculty is very dedicated to their students. This college is also perfect for those who need to work and pursue their education at the same time. I worked approximately 25-30 hours per week and was able to take both in person and online classes to achieve an associates degree. I only gave it four stars though because the financial aid department is a nightmare to work with. So far I have had a nice experience at Bucks. There are people trying to fix up the campus and they finish construction on one building. Everyone is very friendly. The professors are nice, and they each have a different way of teaching. Bucks County Community College is a school I would recommend to anyone and everyone coming out of high school looking to save some money before transferring to a four-year. With the exception of one, all of my professors have been caring, knowledgeable and passionate about what they teach, and the classes reflect this. There are three campuses that comprise BCCC, so driving an hour to a campus out of range is never necessary. The application and class registration processes couldn't be easier. There's a cafe with all sorts of food available any time, as well as a Starbucks. I noticed that many reviewers tend to rate Bucks negatively in terms of student life/involvement. Bucks has any number of clubs & honors societies with a portion of the building dedicated to them. Yes, a clubs and orgs wing. People who claim there's "nothing to do but go to class and go home" haven't made an effort to look into what Bucks has to offer. You get out of community college what you put into it! Bucks County Community College has great curriculum and teachers at a fair price. I enjoyed all the classes I have seen so far and the only thing I hope they improve on is more online classes for those who cannot physically attend their classes. I have been at Bucks for 3 semesters and I love it. I'm an adult student going full time. Bucks has a small student to teacher ratio, this allows students to have more one on one time with there Professor. Most of the Professors really care about their student and go above and beyond to help the students learn and pass the class My experience was a good one. Newtown is hard to navigate at first but once you find your way it's great. There are many opportunities there. However I live about 45 minutes from Newtown and because I'm coming to the end of my college career there, all my main classes I can only take at the Newtown campus. It would be really nice to have that opportunity at the Upper Bucks campus since it is so close to home. Overall most of the professors I have had have been amazing and are willing to work with you. They are flexible with your work or emergency schedules. That's one thing I liked the most. Great staff and very helpful and willing to make your college career a good one. There are plenty of class sections available for general education classes. I have had a half good half bad experience regarding professors at Bucks County Community College. Many schools will recognize and transfer the credits from Bucks County Community College. Personnel in my academic major seem to really care about their students getting the best education. Bucks County Community College is a great way to cost efficiently earn an associate's degree. The teachers were wonderful at BCCC. They each had a strong passion for what they taught and it made the class, regardless of what it was, more interesting. Bucks County Community College was definitely the best option for me before transferring to a four year college. I discovered my major while I was taking prerequisites. It was a wonderful experience. As a community college, it is a stepping stone to other colleges, so the actual associates that I will obtain from them is not necessarily as valuable as it could be. However, there are jobs and internships that the college does encourage and help students to apply for. There have been numerous recruitment days and job fairs while I have been on campus. The college subsidizes certifications thanks to donation money, so that helps on getting people prepared for the work place. They regularly mention companies that have come to them with internships and will advise you if it is right for you. The facilities are reasonable for a community college. I have not had troubles with the workload. I have had a positive experience overall at Bucks. Majority of the professors have seemed interested in helping me progress and advance my skills. Class schedule times are great and allows me some family time Online classes are user friendly and straightforward . So far it's been great . Staff is helpful Very accessible to all students , classes and fees are inexpensive . And muliptle locations are offered which is great! It was easy and straightforward . Worth the money and time. I learn a lot with the help of experienced teachers and staff. The books we use are also top of the line for education. My school is very accessible to everyone. Everything that you need for your education and well-being is on campus. They teachers help immensely to help you suceed. The professors in the psych department are extremely knowledgeable and assure me that this is what I want to pursue. If I could receive my bachelors from BCCC and stay here to complete my degree I definitely would! With my social anxiety it is extremely hard to attend school, but I am very comfortable and confident in this environment. Convenience was great the first year that i attended. The second year was the problem. Classes started to become unavailable or had no choice on times. I had to adjust my schedule each semester to accommodate classes. It was this is your choice and that is all that is available, again only Took a course online, It was kind of a joke because it was condensed down from a fifteen week course to a six week course. Teachers seem to take the semester off and make it about busy work. As long as the work is done you get a good grade. I can only speak from my personal experience. I have not really dealt with the post grad services. From what I hear it does not matter where you go but to talk to the people at the school you want to attend. The career services at the current school can only know so much. Cut out the middle man. All of the "Internship fairs" that they have at this school only has things available for full time positions, not summer work, not part time while in school, but full time, I have a degree and ready to start a career. Teachers were up and down. Some of them were good while others were not. Some of the courses were three credit courses but were taught like they were a four credit course. Teachers are held to a standard unless their are no other teachers to teach the course, then they kind of do what they want. It is hard to get the associates degree at bucks. Reason being is because the higher level courses they do not have many people, if at all, to teach the courses. They have some of the electives listed on the degree, but some are not available. School takes anyone in the county. It is cheap to go here and save for four year schools. The Associates is kind of annoying to get because your second year classes are hard to come by and if they do offer them, they are crappy times. The students don't care and the professor don't expect or push them to do so. i love firefighting because i am one and what i want to be when i am older is a fire investigator and bucks county community college will help me with all of this They help me find my classes and also make you feel right at home, Nursing is a hard major in itself. I may not be going to attend the nursing program at Bucks but i know it is one of the top associates programs around. Bucks Community College is a great way to get your prerequisites out of the way. It's a very affordable school. You will be learning the same thing as all your friend's who went to four year colleges, but you will be doing it for a cheaper price. Bucks is also a great place to go if you are still unsure of what you want your major to be. Overall, this is a great beginners school for everyone, young or old. Bucks County Community College is an awesome, cost-effective school to attend, especially if you don't want to leave home. Everyone at the school is helpful and the campus is beautiful. The only negative to me is that it takes me 30 minutes to get there. This school is great because it offers many ways to take classes. I am a working mother with two young children at home, and I need flexibility. They also offer online courses, which I am going to to do this upcoming semester. Majority of the time in the online classes I took I felt like I learned a lot and had a lot of good discussions among other classmates. The workload has always been fair until the course I am taking now but it may just be the professor. Majority of the time the people who work with the career services are very quick to respond to emails and they are very thorough with their responses. I have not been disappointed with any of my professors so far except for the professors who teach in the math department. For majority of the math courses I have taken I have had teachers who I felt did not deserve to be teaching at the college level. The small class sizes allow for individuality and good class discussions. There are a wide variety of courses that can be taken advantage of especially when deciding where you want to transfer to. I feel as though many students come here just to get their associates and leave rather than actually valuing the degree they are earning. As far as I know there are no internships offered at Bucks. The career centers are always very helpful. I have had an excellent experience at Bucks so far and I feel challenged, but I am ready to move onto a four year school to complete my bachelors. With an engineering major I think ihe electives could be more broad but they limit you. Furthermore I have just finished my first semester so I don't have any experience yet with the engineering classes yet. Transferring credits is not easy. The information the school goes with is most of the time not as accurate as it needs to be. But this can depend on the college one is willing to transfer to. There are times when you can end up with professors who do not care too much but then there are times that you get a professor that knows how to teach and is willing to help in any way possible. However you can also get professors that are giving good grades but aren't teaching too well. So there isn't really a good or bad to it. The value of a degree from this college is probably not seen as much of a deal although the only thing is it is known for the best community college in the coast. Also it is a way for those who were never considering college to earn an education and with it some extra money in their careers. I'm sick of their inconvenience and I am looking forward to getting out. The flexibility of online courses is great, the only thing that has been terrible is the services in the office. Registration, financial aid and admissions/transferring services take forever, they're rude and never get things to you on time. It took 5 weeks to get my transcripts sent that I had requested and now I won't have an answer until the week before I would start classes. The courses aren't too difficult, the system used for submitting assignments, discussions and viewing grades is easy to navigate. Taking online courses you really have to manage your time and spread out studying and completing assignments just as you would in a classroom course. The registration is not difficult, if you get to it on time you won't be waitlisted. The professor/student relationship is all through email, peer-to-peer interaction is typically (if at all) through discussions. The courses are easy, not too challenging. Professors can either be really understanding and nice or the complete opposite. You don't typically find the nice ones, they're usually just trying to get through the semester and work load just as the students. The course offerings are fairly good, they have a decent selection and the class sizes are about 14-20. Usually the class size drops about a fourth of the people by the end of the course. I have been taking gen eds for the past year and a half, nothing has directly pertained to my major. My experience with Bucks is great. I haven't really had any problems. It's been a smooth ride so far. When I began looking into transferring it was really easy. They have a sheet where it matches the courses and tells you what credits transfer. They have great resources and I couldn't be happier with my experience. I love to take online courses here and there. They are definitely a challenge and I love a challenge. The main thing is that you are teaching yourself the material. The professors make themselves very available to helping if you have any questions. In taking online courses comes with more work. The professor doesn't have that participating face to face experience so therefore they give more work to grade you on. It is time consuming but a cool experience. They are really helpful in anything that you request or have any questions about. I catch myself talking to friends that went to go to 4-year universities and they always tell me I made the right decision and they wish they did the same. They say that what they learn and what I learn isn't anything different. The only thing different is the price. That to me tells me that Bucks Community College is just as good school as any other university out there. The degree's are just as valuable as anywhere else. I also always see flyers posted in every building I walk into talking about clubs and job opportunities and just volunteer work. This college really likes to get people involved. The professors really did their best with teaching the material. Even though at times where it got really difficult they never gave up helping the students try to understand the material. They didn't just move on and say good luck your on your own. They really care and they always said, "I'm not here to fail you. I want you to be successful and get where you need to be in your process of working towards your major." The professors really cared about each and every student which made me feel comfortable and actually want to come to class feeling inspired. They did their best to teach the material and did a great job at it. I couldn't be any prouder of myself due to the great staff at Bucks. I really liked going to this school because it gave me time to really figure out what I wanted to do along with it being a great price and not having to worry about such a big loan. It was very convenient and close. The professors were really great and patient to work with. It was just a very welcoming and positive experience. Everything I have done with Bucks has been easy and carefree! I can't wait to start my classes in January Absolutely love how close it is! The school is very small so getting to know your teachers is not very hard. Just focus on your work and the classes are easy. The cost is so much more affordable than going to a university straight out of high school, especially since i'm paying with my own money. I'd rather prefer a city to go to college in, Advising for transfers could be better, Cafeteria hours could be better, but BCCC is cheaper, and so far cost effective and helpful in academics based upon my freshmen year classes The classes are small so there is more time for one on one help within the class period. I also truly feel like my teachers care about their students not only learning but succeeding in an advanced understanding of the material. The biggest benefit, however, is the opportunity to receive your general education classes at a much cheaper price than what you pay at the four-year schools. The application process was fairly easy. However, the transferring of credits was a bit difficult. The cost is pretty pricey but the convenience of online classes makes it the most realistic option. What makes Bucks so unique is the professors on campus, and the resources Bucks has to offer. The professors on campus are more than willing to go the extra mile to help students succeed. Bucks offers a wide variety of resources from state of the art labs, modern technology, job opportunities, and much more. I would choose this school again because of how welcoming and helpful every one on campus is. All the faculty is very nice and helpful, Its easy to contact teachers and advisors. I registerd and set up my classes months before anyone else even throught to do it. I am on top of all my classes do all my homework ahead of time because it is offerd to do when ever you want online. Teaching is very helpful and they go slow and make sure you understand before they move on. Only thing I don't like is my classes arnt offered at the campus I want which I have to go out of my way. I like how my school let's me go my own pace. I would choose my school again because of the convenience and ease of access for everything so that I can get the best education possible. way better than my previous school I was having severe financial issues with paying for school on top of all my other expenses and when I went to the financial aid office for assistance they basically told me that there was nothing they could do in my situation. I was very disappointed and felt let down. My experience with courses and professors at Bucks County Community College is very positive. Class sizes are favorable and the professors care about their students' success and well being. They are also exceptionally passionate about the courses that they teach. The value of a degree from Bucks County Community College is very good. The career center goes above and beyond to assist students in acquiring the resources they need to excel in their future careers. For example, they run a résumé building workshop which truly aids students that may otherwise not know where to begin to create a superior résumé. I was not made aware of my outstanding bill. Bucks has a lot of helpful career options. There are a lot of white kids. The online course options are wonderful. My financial aid is messed up so I can't register. I go to the satellite campus. It's small. It was a great feeling knowing I saved almost $50,000 going to community college for two years, then transferring to Holy Family. The major I am pursuing cannot be obtained through my school, therefore I am transferring to receive it. The community college does offer a degree in nursing, but it is only an associates I would like to receive a bachelors. The registration process is painless, I mean yes it is suggested to stay up till 12 a.m to pick classes on the day they become available to you so you get the professor you want. But it is not needed, you can pick classes all the way up to the middle of winter break. The student life is as much as you would expect from a community college, however students are always willing to meet new people and I have made a good amount of friends while attending. Also they have plenty of study space, as well as leisure space such as swimming, working out, or just hanging out between classes. They were awesome with setting us up with transfer fairs, and availability of transfer advisors. I haven't taken a full online course, however I am enrolled in a hybrid class which is two days in class and one online. This is an awesome feature, because not only are you meeting with your classmates and teacher, but your also able to do the home works online. Bucks did a great job setting me up with all of the resources I needed to transfer to the school I wanted. They had many career fairs, college fairs, and even transfer fairs. This was awesome because I could get so much info from all different schools in my area. I had a great time attending Bucks, and now I am planning on transferring to Holy Family to finish my education with a Bachelors degree in Science. And receive my BSN from Holy Family. The student body is great, even though it is a community college they still try to arrange student activities. Working a lot makes it very difficult to balance work, school, and friends. There is a lot of flexibility so far with due dates and I know that school work always comes first. Everything was super easy to register for and all of the steps after registration were carefully laid out for me. The professors can really vary from lazy to super tough. Sometimes I think that some of the professors forget we have other classes. Right now I am just working on getting my general education classes out of the way so that I can transfer to another school when i decide on a major. I am not familiar with any internships or job opportunities at the moment because i have not decided on a major. The workload was about the same as a usual classroom setting. The teachers were awesome and would always respond to questions right away. I could also interact with other students by commenting back and forth on discussion post's and sharing all of my knowledge with them. I am not familiar with any of these things just because i have not started looking into them yet. I am not sure how the financial aid process is because I have never been through it. I know that the tuition is greatly priced and everything is super affordable. I have actually not been able to experience any of these things going on while I am there during the day because they are always at the time of my classes. I would love to attend different types of job fairs and seminars but i barely have any time! There are many different resources that are readily available to all students. There are always people there to answer questions and guide me in the right direction. Bucks County Community College is very diverse but not very social. People do not seem to be interested in social interaction as much as i would like them to be. They will make it happen if you fill out the forms. You'll learn what you need to know and then some. No sports or groups are really active. Its a quiet school. Teachers will work with you to the fullest extent available. If you live local and don't mind commuting this school can provide you with an excellent education. If you want to earn an associates, your nursing degree, or just simply get credits in order to transfer and keep cost down I cannot recommend a better school. The teachers will absolutely put extra time aside to help you succeed even if your are strapped down working full time and going to school full time. The teachers are the best part about this campus. The only reasons 5 stars is not given is due to spotty technology and travel to the main (newtown campus) is a disaster every morning. But the teachers surpass their job duty to help you (at least every teacher I've had in the 2 years) I find y course load manageable and easy to achieve a great grade when you put your mind to it. Registering for classes is particularly easy. I really enjoy all of my professors. The teacher's are well qualified and the classes are inexpensive. I haven't applied for financial aid yet so i can't comment on it. The work load isn't bad at all! I like the flexibility online classes give me. I can complete assignments at my own pace and whenever I have free time. All of the assignments are laid out with due dates so I can plan my homework schedule around work etc. I don't interact with my peers mostly because it's not a necessity to get the work done. The teachers answer emails promptly and if I need to, I can see them during office hours when I am already on campus. Online courses are straight to the point and I will be taking more of them in the future. I feel the campus is very diverse. I see people of all ages on campus, anywhere from 18 year olds to 60 year olds. Some people go there to further their knowledge, not just to get a degree. I have seen a mix of all races. I mostly see white though. Any sort of person is accepted here, from LGBT to geeky kids. People don't care much because they're just going home after class. There are a ton of clubs to choose from, which i enjoy. I haven't checked out books at the library yet, but it's is really nice. There is a lot of space to study and even rooms you can sign out to have study sessions. I hear the tutor service is amazing. They're always available and you don't need an appointment. It's one on one tutoring. I feel like no one really has a clue what their doing in the office and you have to take it upon yourself to get answers. The professors are nice, the curriculum is challenging enough that you'll actually learn something, but not so hard that you'll be swamped. Class registration is a piece of cake. That's pretty much it. Bucks is a great school for people who want to save money before they transfer to a four-year college. The professors are great, and the school really understands that your goal is to transfer. It's not really a place that you make a lifelong connection to, but it certainly dispels the stereotype of community college being only for kids who aren't smart enough to get into a four-year school. I've had a fairly easy time choosing courses. Bucks expects that people there want to transfer, and let are pretty open about letting you choose your courses. There are plenty of activities on campus if you look around - though participation isn't usually that high. The campus is really nice, and there are a few places to sit and study, mainly during the evenings. Don't expect to get a lot of studying done during the lunch hour though, the campus is PACKED then, and finding a quiet place is impossible at best. It's a community college. Most of the students are here for an education and that's it. Don't expect to make a lot of lifelong friends here, though you may make a few-semester long friends in your classes. The online courses at Bucks are great if you're self-motivated. They can be a pretty easy A, so long as you stay on schedule and do the work. Sure, very little interaction occurs with your teacher or fellow students, but it's not that bad. Some teachers require discussion grades, but these take ten minutes at most to complete. Highly, HIGHLY recommend. Don't let the stigma of going to a community college scare you away from Bucks. I haven't had to take out a loan for going here and don't plan to. The education you'll get here is just as good as the education at any four-year college anywhere. Honestly, it's a pretty good school. The professors are awesome, the campus is pretty nice, and on campus dining is fairly decent. If there's one thing to complain about, it would be the students, but considering that this is a community college, you have to allow some leeway there. If you can get over the nightmarish parking lot. I've had people try to ram me before - even though this is a rare occurrence, ignoring the speed limit, and general aggressiveness, is the norm, especially at the Newtown Campus. There are plenty of apathetic students in the classes, but once you get over that, it's a nice college. I enjoy the professors, for the most part, the students, and the size of the school; however, they need to properly distribute financial aid to those who truly deserve it. I utilize the computer lab at my campus regularly because I don't have internet at home. The hours are very flexible; however, it would be nice to have longer/more weekend hours. I've never had a problem with utilizing the computer lab. People do print a lot of unnecessary documents, I think which makes you stand at the 2 printers for a while waiting for your one page to print. I can rarely connect to wifi on my cell phone, and when I do, I get kicked off almost right away. While the schooling itself isn't expensive, I have been denied financial aid. I'm a displaced worker and support myself; however, the school will not give me aid. Because of my school schedule, I cannot work full-time and cannot understand how some students are granted financial aid and others are not. I'm an adult trying to better myself, but not getting aid is making it difficult to continue my education because I can barely pay for it and the expensive books expected for each class. There's a lot of diversity in the students at Bucks. Most students are very friendly. Most classes I have to take during the day, when I would usually work. I am now having to work after my classes. I also have a class that's only available one night a week, making it difficult to retain the information week to week and causing me to not be available to work at all that day due to my class schedule. I go to the Lower Bucks campus in Bristol. You become friends with your classmates easily, and may have several classes with the same students. The class sizes are small, which I also prefer over large auditorium classroom settings. registration was OK. you had to test and interview to get in, which made me feel like I was already doing good things. the work is very diverse and we get to see a lot of different medical cases which will help us in the long run. the internships we've gotten to go on have been great and very helpful. the teacher are great and very knowledgeable and always willing to help. the work is very difficult, but it will be worth it in the end I feel that whenever I call or go in the office to ask about my aid, I am running in circles because someone says to tlak to the other person and so on and so forth transferring will be worrying. It's just like highschool never had an issue. one day it was hard to find a comp open. pretty average i guess. I don't care about diversity denied aid. doesn't cost much though wide variety of people and classes a lot of work. I'm an A student so i spend a lot of time on school work. most professors are great. bathrooms are incredibly small. lots of places to be when not in class. Super easy to schedule around your life. A lot of online offerings too, which is great for classes that would meet for over two hours. I have not gotten to know many people. I have not yet applied for financial aid, but I plan to. But from the process I have experienced thus far, the school and advisers are very helpful. Professors are helpful and accessible, the registration process is very simple. Workload is average, there is a lot of tutoring options and clubs available to help a student with classes and socializing. I am a Nursing major, the Gen Ed's are basic and average for college. My only complaint is that I am a student at one of the satellite campuses but I have to drive 45 minutes to the main campus to taking my Nursing Clinical classes. The Alumni Association at the college is very helpful, they have meetings and events, along with a career center that is very helpful in finding entry-level, and occupational jobs for graduates. There are multiple campuses I can make an appointment to see advisers, and basically any time of day. Which is great considering I work two jobs, so flexibility is very important to me. The layout and architecture of the campus in Perkasie, PA is quite beautiful. There is a lot of grass to sit out when its warm, and enjoy the view and studying on campus, or do homework in between class. There are plenty of courses available, especially during the intercession period, of classes beginning in February. It is great to have the choice of online or face to face courses. There are plenty of computers and printers at the school that are easily accessible. The school network is very reliable along with the speed of the network. I attend one of the satellite campuses so there are not any athletic fields, but the building is beautiful along with the classrooms. I attend one of the satellite campuses, and it creates a small student body with a tight knit group of people looking to better themselves. Typical students are outgoing, everyone is willing to help out another student in need, and it creates an atmosphere that was severely lacking at my previous college. There is a lot of diversity. Many different students with different styles, cultures, and interests. One thing the students have in common (from what ive experienced) is they are all kind and sweet. I think the financial aid was the perfect amount Has a nice Wellness Center with access to a lot of fitness things. Speed is pretty good. Have not had a problem yet. It has been pretty good. Not too hard, not too easy. Have not really explored my major that much yet because I am still taming basic classes, but the classes that were apart of my major were very interesting and I loved them. The classrooms are small which provides more individual attention for students. Professors try to get to know you personally. The registration process can be a little rough sometimes. There is a decent sized library with an area for walk in tutoring. I do not go to the main campus of this school but the campus I am at satisfies me. The other campus is much larger with more to do and is a lot nicer. I have not experienced much with these services. So far, I have had a decent experience at this school. A little trouble when it comes to registering for classes and getting books, but other than that it is excellent. Good environment, helpful teachers, and wonderful learning experiences. I don't know alot about it yet. I love Bucks, its a great school. awesome experience it was good overall..just not a great teacher slow network....rest is pretty good overall I am just working towards my associates degree This school is great! very easy and flexible My school is a community school so i didn't have many experiences. But I can say that the one campus is very beautiful and well kept. I wouldn't choose my school again because I rather go to a university and have more experiences. The post-grad services at my school are average and it could be better. Only thing I learned was all the information from my Hospitality Class. Professor Goldman was an excellent teacher. Some teachers are nice but others are rude and give you no help what so ever. My online teacher was horrible and rude and disrespectful to his students. Never taking on online class again. Professor Matin Goldman at Bucks County Community college in Newtown, PA is an excellent teacher and I have felt I have learned an incredible amount in just one semester. By far the best teacher I have ever had my educational life. Most teachers and faculty were accessible around the time I needed them. Average for a community college. You get all types at this type of college, so it's hard to define all of them with generalizations. My instructor has a vast knowledge on the subject and is very interactive with all the students. Her responses are all inclusive of the situations in our lives that bring us to this online setting. The IT department has been very helpful and quick at resolving issues when I first started back in school I am taking an elearning class and it is amazing how I still feel like we are meeting in a classroom environment. We can interact with each other on any of the assignments and topics throughout this course. I have found the resources plentiful even for online students. My instructor gave us ways to access the library online to complete our assignments which was a great advancement since the days when I was in college. Being a student returning to the classroom after many years I have not found ways to get financial aid for my academic studies which will limit the amount of classes I can take each semester. I wish there was more help for students such as myself. The student body is a mixture of students coming from high school and those in the working class trying to better their life with an education. I have met many people with daily challenges but they are still able to advance their education with the programs offered here! The tuition for school at Bucks is pretty decent. It is much cheaper than a lot of universities but I wouldn't call going to college cheap. I have gotten financial aid before and had experience with the financial aid office. I think that the people at the office are helpful but a lot of times it takes too long for them to answer questions or help solve the student's problems. Other then the long wait, the financial office is very helpful. I am taking an online course at Bucks County Community College right now. The professors are very helpful in online courses. They try to help students out as much as possible. It is different from traditional classroom because you do not get to see the students that are also in the class with you and you never see the professor. An online course is great because you can choose your own schedule. It has some poor sides to it too. For instance, you have to teach yourself a lot of things which can be challenging. Also, you have to be a great time manager to get all your tasks done on time. I like traditional face-to-face classes more than online classes. Bucks offers a wide range of classes and times that accommodate my schedule. However, the faculty, not including teachers, could've been more helpful in my first year there. I'm fairly new to the school but I would say that so far I've had no issues with the computer lab or the speed of the computer network. The lab isn't a huge one at the campus I attend. However, it's very clean and well organized. I think the class schedules are moderately flexible. I wish BCCC offered a few for choices as far as classes offered and the Times and days they are available. The wifi is terrible at Bucks County Community College. I do not get a stable connection anywhere I go at the Newtown or Lower Bucks campuses. They do have a lot of new computers to use with all the bells and whistles. They also have macs which is nice. I think Bucks County Community College has slme really great services but they are not good at getting word out. Most things I've found, I've just stumbled upon. I enjoy most of the instructors and courses tought there. I was able to learn efficiently while having fun. I would definitely recommend Bucks County Community College to friends. I liked the classes I have taken so far both online and In person. It was easy and seemed very organized. Great for time management! Quality of Post Grad Service – I have not heard anything about job prospects or assistance from BCCC which leads me to believe they have none. When I call into the FA office, I never get a live person. I've also handed in paperwork to the school for my application that they don't have on file. I've actually gone to the school myself to hand deliver it and still, it somehow gets lost. The whole financial aid system seems very unorganized at BCCC. Id have to say some of my professors are absolutely amazing, insightful and exceptionally talented. Some have been a mentor and expanded my thinking. Our library has been expanded, our campus has been renovated and there is a lot of growth at the campus. The other campus I have visited is a state of the art facility and bright and inviting. I would have to say our college campus is a very diverse group of students. Ranging in age and nationality. I have not experienced any challenges in my courses with other students, in fact I find most of them enjoyable and creative to work with. Excellent library, child care, gym, cafeteria, beautiful campus. Quiet, focused, beautiful campus, dedicated students and staff, affordable tuition. The classes i have taken so far for my major which is business administration have been challenging. I expected them to be difficult, but it is not as bad once you get warmed up to the classes. The freedom to pick your own classes to fit your schedule has helped out the flexibility in my schedule. Certain times minor issues occur such as late notices of cancelled classes or even late professors, no major issues for me so far. I have been taking up my studies at the Bristol campus and so far the resources have been pretty helpful. Although the wifi is bad and their are minor issues with the internet at times, their are a good amount of resources available. I have had good and bad expirences at BCC the bad expierence was with Academics during spring semester when I had a professor who appeared to not have interest in what she was teaching when I reported her to the head of the english department I recieved nothing and seen no changes. It took me a time to understand how to get through the class.it also was pretty difficult to understand Bucks has lap tops which can be rented out from the library. They also have classes at the library informing you on how to use all of the resources that are available to you. They also offer computer labs and free printing. There are tutor services if needed. Bucks was pretty helpful with finding you either financial aid, or in signing you up for a payment plan. However, for the summer classes you have to pay in full immediately, which can be somewhat challenging. The tuition is better than having to pay that of a larger university while still getting a good education and credits that you can transfer. I wasnt sure if i would like the online classes, but i would recomend them to anyone. they are easy because you can do the work at your own pace as long as you meet the deadlines. most of the teachers a willing to help you through emails and even face to face if you need help as well. Honestly it's nothing special with the actual classes and subjects for Business major. The professors are great but class wise Im just getting them out of the way at a cheaper price. The workload is totally do-able. Library is great and has a bunch of stuff online plus a lot of databases. The technicians are very helpful. There's always people around to help. There's nice quiet places to study and if you're just chillin there's a lot of places just to sit in comfy chairs with foot stools and hang. The professors are attentive, understanding, and effective at teaching their subjects to even the students who do not enjoy the class topic. Scheduling my classes went better than expected. Academically, they are above average for such a small school. The campus is beautiful too. Super cheap i payed for all my classes out of my own pocket. i would have to give bucks a B for there online courses, becuase i have not personally taken any online courses myself but ive heard they were alright from other students. The campus reasouces are good and there is always someone to assist students if needed I would give Buck county community college an A- for campus resources. Not only is Newton a very pleasant campus but bucks offers two other campuses in perkasi, and bristol which all. Alltough a comunity college they have a great student center, a decent size library and many activites you can get involved in. Campus is very small, so it's easy to get to all the facilities. There's a wellness center/gym (I'm not sure about the quality, because I've never been there). The library is VERY big, there are lot's of tables and chairs, but almost no books. It's pretty easy to connect to the wifi, however, it is VERY slow from around 9 to 4. There are plenty of computers in the library, and printing is free (I've never had to pay for it). I personally bring my laptop to school, but it isn't necessary in most classes. I am a good student, but I don't really try where I am because I know this school is very easy so even though I don't try I am still one if the highest grades in the school the school now is a little harder which is more fun for me because its gives me a challenge that I wanna succeed I pass most of these classes with flying colors. Most professors usually prefer not to fail their students. The curriculum is very simple. The resources on this campus are just average, nothing exciting about it. There are certain faculty members who are eager to engage with their students and create an active and educational learning environment, but of course there are plenty of faculty members who just want to get through the curriculum without even learning a single student's name. I only started at Bucks County Community College because I did not want to waste thousands of dollars in tuition at a university when I did not have a clear direction with my academics. While most of my education here was involved in the general studies, the teachers made me dread coming to class most days. I enjoy learning and I would hope if someone chooses the profession of becoming a professor then they would have the energy to want to open my mind. I understand most of the student body there ranges from high school flunks to continuing adult education, but there are a few in between who are looking to get a start on a successful future. So, I wish the dull lifeless professors there would still have some hope for my generation. I was not able to receive any financial aid, but I know some people who have. Bucks is very easy to work with and they help as much as they can. They are on top of things. I feel like everyone at Bucks is different. We all come from different places and different high schools. The facilities at bucks seem to be new and improved. I'm an education major, and my classes are not necessarily what I was expecting, but they are not in the least bit disappointing. Each education class I took has been vigorous and worthwhile. The professors have a lot of experience in the field and their teaching styles are truly wonderful. The classroom experience is in itself a worthwhile experience. The material is all current and not overly intensive. The workload is not overly stressful either because the professors are always more than willing to help when help is wanted or needed. The online/hybrid system is pretty good, but there are some things I would change. First of which would be the online programs used to run the class. Some have so many different places to find information, that it always feels like you are missing something because it may be hiding in some folder you didn't check or even think to look. I am sure that is different depending on the professor's organization, but this is a place i have found issue. Another would be the purpose of the in person class time of a hybrid class. In my experience it seems less of a class, and more of an explanation of the information that is already on the website and explained. Great! Need better direction/instruction for class Not all classes are available in all three campuses. So that could prove difficult for in-class selections. I am waiting to meet with someone now to dicuss my plans after graduations but so far so good with them The teachers are great they make sure you rtetain the work before you move on The wifi has issues a lot of times, but the libary has a great amount of computers and the library has a descent amount of books. and the printers are always up and working thats never been an issue forme Most have just graduated, came back for another degree, or are taking up multiple classes at Bucks,. The student body varies with ages but is mostly young people that just graduated The tuition is extremely low. I do not know the specifics, but it is much lower than any other school that you could attend. The school has a lot of computer labs and computers just around the campus. However, the wifi disconnects for some reasons and can be extremely slow at times. The school is trying really hard to improve itself. They are adding new buildings and trying to remove the old run down buildings. There are a lot of areas to just sit down and do homework or areas to hang with friends. The only thing that is not great is the parking. The parking that is somewhat close is taken immediately and you are left walking a distance. I was very afraid that when i will go back to study I will have to sacrifice my job over my college, but i was wrong. bucks cc offers so many classes, that everyone can manage their work and college schedule. The only negative side is that they do not offer classes on weekends. Also because I already had some art knowledge, I was able to transfer 12 credits, which is awesome. They also offer a variety of tests that can help you skip some classes My college students are very diverse (multicultural) and unique at the same time. Each one has different lifestyle, religion and social background, but when it comes to studying everyone makes their best to achieve they wish for. however, what amazes me the most is that the same percentage of young and older people are willing to study. They choose Bucks CC because this college offers opportunity for everyone to study It has pretty decent facilities for a community college. It's one of the things bucks is known for Pretty average and helpful. Financial aid office isn't very helpful The computer network is pretty average at bucks county community college. There are PCs and macs for the art department students, which I being one of them enjoy. Also there is an easy to use scanner that I use for both my art projects and academic assignments. it has great resources. there is a tutoring center which helps a lot. and the professors are very helpful Being an intended English teacher, my english classes were great. Education, however, is very difficult to adjust to. I seriously don't think the tuition could be any better, its very low priced for great courses. The library, though roomy, is very loud compared to standard libraries. Plus, the tables take up a lot of room, so it makes them very close to each other. Also the internet wifi connection is absolutely terrible and spotty. But the librarians are usually very friendly. Teachers are always there to help, and they love doing so. You really get the feeling that they care. Not many variations to eat, plenty of study spaces. The areas for studying, however, can be very disruptive and loud. But teachers are always there to help during office hours, and the rest of the staff around campus are great. The internet connection on the computers are not the best, and the wifi connection are absolutely terrible. The tuition is low and an affordable way to get education. However, the hardest part is the financial aid process. Whenever you call, you get bumped around from person to person, or even just a recording machine. I have had a very difficult time with getting anyone to help me. I have also had problems with the fact that they run late on sending my financial aid information in, and I get personally penalized. They are definitely affordable, but lack in ways to help those who have financial aid needs. For the Art Department, the classes are pretty basic and do not go into much depth. You are not able to explore as many topics, and gain as many skills as you would at a more well known institution. BCCC only cares about your money, and do not care about ensuring their students find jobs after graduation. For at community college, BCCC is a bit over priced. When first enrolling I expected the price to be much lower. Although I do not officially qualify for financial aid, I can definitely said that it is over priced. Online courses are very accessible and convenient. I was hesitant in taking one but it turned out to be a great experience. We were given a new discussion topic each week and had to respond to other student's posts, giving us the opportunity to interact with everyone in the class. The teacher took the time to respond to each assignment and didn't give us a work load that we couldn't handle, but it was still challenging. We could see our grades and upcoming assignments at the click of a button. I would definitely recommend online courses to everyone. I chose Bucks because it's the closest school to my home. I have a 2 year old so I don't have much time to commute back and forth right now from a school in Philly. What's great about my campus is that they have their own gym. So when I'm on campus I can work out right there before I go home. I don't even need a gym membership. All you need is your student ID and some gym clothes and your ready to go. The library is also great. It's huge and full of different genres of books. It takes a long time for financial aid to process and the faculty is not that helpful. They don't know anything about anything unless their computers are up. Once when their systems were down I asked a simple and straightforward answer that they should have been able to answer without their computer but they couldn't even do that. There's accessible wifi on campus plus many computers located all over the school. This includes computer labs with printers, the library and some that are just scattered in different areas. I really like that my current school has an RN program. That way if I can't transfer for bachelors, I can still get my RN. Bucks County Community college offers a wide variety of online classes. The set up of the online classes is easy to navigate and understand. The work can be challenging without a teacher explaining it face to face, but all of the teachers I have had online so far have answered any question I had within twenty four hours. They are pretty good with explaining assignments and communicating. If you keep up with the assigned work, you are sure to pass. The career services at Bucks are friendly, patient, and will go the extra mile to answer any questions. They are helpful in helping you prepare to transfer and guide you on the right path. Because Bucks is a community college, the majority of it's students intend to transfer after two years. The career service understands this and has a lot of experience in transferring credits, the whole transfer process, and helping student's achieve their goals. Everyone seems rather nice and outgoing, however, there are quite a few people who take advantage of being there. Many people have jobs and families and work very hard to better their lives. They're always there to help, however, they're not always clear on what to do. The curriculum has been beneficial to me and my future career. The class registration was a mess for me since I had to transfer. Every time I had to call and reach someone, I was transferred to another person to another, etc. I wish that they had advisors assigned so you can be helped easier. I have missed many chances to get into the classes I need because not one of the advisors could "help" me. One thing that is unique of my school is that they are big into promoting transferring to continue your education. They have many transfer fairs to help you get connected to the right college. I enjoy all of the different people you get to meet at this college. People are really friendly, outgoing, and fun. Everyone seems to take their classes and class work seriously. It is interesting to see how many different age groups there are. One thing I like about all of the students is that we are all commuters, so we are all in the same boat. The library offers many computers and space for students, which makes everything very convenient. They also have printers, and you do not have to pay for any paper needed, which is great. Some schools make you pay for copies or for printing. The school computers' network is fast and I usually have no problems. However, the wireless access is not always the best. I am a Nursing Potential major, and my classes are all general education requirements. The classes themselves are not extremely difficult, however, it can be difficult to get the classes I need to get done before I can go into my intended major, Nursing. The facilities are nice, and right now, there is construction for more buildings. The Financial Aid at Bucks was alright. There was one problem with my overall education experience where there was a fault in the aid. I did everything I needed to get the money, but a flaw in the record stated I wasn't eligible for the money. After many phone calls on hold I got it situated. I would appreciate not having to go through the unnecessary processes though. The tuition for BCCC is very reasonable. My financial aid happens to cover almost all of my tuition and all I have had to pay for are books. Applying for financial aid is very straight forward and comes with little complications but Bucks has everything online instead of mailing a bill to your home which can make payments a struggle. They do not show the financial aid deductions but reimburse you instead which is hard to understand. My school has a very diverse community due to the fact that it is a community college. The age ranges from young adults to middle-aged and even some elders continuing their education. There are a plethora of different ethnicities and cultures of people who attend the school and it creates a very culturally diverse community. I really enjoy my school. The classes are a great size and the teachers that I have had are very helpful and know how to teach their students. I feel like I am getting the same education that I would at a four-year college for less than half the price of tuition. The financial aid was a bit difficult but other than that I have really appreciated my school. Lets me skim over everything, teachers are wonderful and they make it worth the money! The tuition is very inexpensive for everything we get in the labs and everything we are allowed to acsess in the community. There are always faculty willing to help, and the people who go here varry in age and personality. There is always something to do and a way to get it done. The work isn't difficult either. The education is worth the money. The reason I give this a C+ is for the financial aid representatives at this college. It is best that if you want to get something figured out that you walk in early and get it done face to face. Why? Because there phones almost always send you to voicemail and you never know when they are going to get back to you. if you go there to get it done though, they are always helpful and always answer everything they can. You just have to be persistent. What makes Bucks worth the money is their Teachers!!! These teachers are amazing, always willing to help, constantly making everything a wonder to learn! nothing is boring, stuff is always happening, and you are always welcome in every class. I have never had so much FUN at school! We have a wonderful new gym with a huge pool that everyone should take advantage of if you have the time. Student center is very helpful and always willing to give you the attention you need. The library is wonderful, three floors and computers all over the place. Free printing is always great. We have a cafe that sells delicious starbucks coffee as well along with a bunch of food! We are always doing things on campus, and most the time everyone is welcome. The people and places here are wonderful. The school has many computer labs, enough where i can usually find a computer to work on with printing availability (except for around 12-1pm). There are also computers scattered all over campus. Printing is wonderful and easy and best of all free. The network has never caused problems for be but the speed can be iffy if people are using up a lot of bandwidth. Wireless is great, sometimes gives slow connection/internet speeds. I never need to bring a computer to school. I have been using BCCC since they took over the fire school. I have never had any problems or issues. There is no "beating of a dead horse." The instructors keep the online "conversations" going. There is ease of use as well. Business Administration Major – As a Business Administration Major, I enjoy the curriculum and classes at Bucks County Community College. The classes are small and personal, so students get to learn more about other classmates as well as the teacher. In addition, the advisor program at the College is very robust and is well engineered so that most students enrolled at Bucks have a sustainable and healthy academic plan while enrolled. The workload for my major is not incredibly difficult, but it is still engaging and challenging enough so that students have to apply themselves to their studies so they can do well in class. Career Center – The career center at Bucks County Community College offers good advice for new students about College employment and job prospects outside of the College. The center is resourceful in helping students understand how to get the job they want and what kind of job they should be looking for. After graduating from Bucks County Community College, the alumni network works to continuously give back to the College ensure that current students receive as much aid and assistance as they did. Excellence perfectly summarizes Bucks County Community College. The tuition is affordable, the financial aid is generous and the education and experience far surpass those of any other Community College. As a step up from High School before entering a four-year college, Bucks County Community College is undervalued and does not receive the notoriety it deserves. My Community College prepared me for the next step in my academic career as I pursue my Bachelor's Degree with excellent courses and student experiences. As a current member and officer of the the College's Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society Chapter, I feel accomplished for all the hard work that I commit to my studies and classes. For the amount of money I pay in tuition for Bucks County Community College the amount of financial aid I receive, I get much more than what I payed for, and I wish for more students to embrace the benefits that Community College can have for them. I Am So Glade – This is my first year in school and I am so happy to began school wuu Well Amazing – So far as i have ome to be awear of the computer at Bucks it has been well usefull. Individual Help and Attention – Since I attend a community college, I receive more guidance and attention than I would at a large four year university. The best part about it is I don't ever feel lost because I know there is always some one I can go to immediately for help. Facilities Lack – The library doesn't always have the books that a student may be looking for. As far as athletic and student centers, the school provides more than enough for students to succeed. Reliable and Fast – The computer network at Bucks has always been efficient. You may rent a laptop and print all your papers in the school library. I've never had a problem with the school's Wireless Access which is very refreshing. Academic Flexibility – The main reason I believe Bucks deserves a B+, is because I chose this school to fit around my daily life and work schedules. I was able to pick any class I needed to as early and as late as I had wished. The professors are also very flexible to help you with the class at almost any time of the day. The only downside is Credits are sometimes hard to transfer to another college/ university. Classes Are Intense but in a Good Way – I am a nursing major. I really enjoy learning. It is a very intense program and alot of inofrmation given at one time. If you come to class prepared, mentally and physically you should be able to have success All Good – The teachers in the LPN program I already attended were so great. They were all very patient, understand and ver willing to help the students. They would stay after class just so we could be prepared for whatever we needed. A Great Place to Start. I didn't attend Bucks County Community College for a while, only two semesters, but during my stay I visited the Career Services Center and asked for some help and was promptly directed to a person who was not only pleasant and charming but extremely helpful in my plight. Although I never followed up with many of the things we spoke about, she was definitely a great help to me. It's Like High School With the Cliques – people don't interact with other personalities, and it seems sometimes the students try to act a certain way to impress other students, even though you are there to learn. I've observed that there has been diversity with groups in college just like in high school and i found it kind of ridiculous, but it didn't have any influence on me or my education, so i didn't mind that much Computer Access – If you are taking online classes, you must have access to a personal computer and reliable Internet. Using computers on campus can sometimes be a hassle, and your time may be limited in the computer lab. Theres many different people at BCCC that I have seen so far, I only have taken one class so far. I like that Bucks is open to everyone. People at the evening classes really seem like they want to be there to learn. Two Types of Students at BCCC – There are two types of students here: one type is focused on taking courses so that they can academically prepare to transfer to a decent school; the other type are lazy whiners who are apathetic and aspire to merely pass most classes. Depends on Professor – Some online classes are good if the professor is involved and motivated. I have had both great and terrible online classes, so be careful about which professor you choose when registering for a class. Student Resources – The student resources on campus are helpful for the most part. There are multiple places where computers are located, but if you do not get there by a certain time, your waiting time drastically changes. The cafe is really nice, and fairly priced. The athletic centers are well kept and very clean, but also somewhat small. Hotel, Restaurant, and Tourism Management – I am in the HRIM progam at BCCC, and my classes are pretty straight forward. My curriculum is given to me exactly the way it is supposed to be taken, without any hidden issues. I don't have to take any classes that do not pertain to my major, which I like a lot. When I obtain my degree, the long nights of studying, and dreaded headaches will all be worth it. The student body varies much in age. I would say that is 50% white and 50% others. Online Classes – Online courses are like teaching yourself. Instruction by a professor is practically none. Good Educators – My experience with the administration at Bucks County Community College falls well beyond any reasonable expectation. They are seemingly incompetent at times.

However, the educators are extremely knowledgable and helpful. They professors are often much harder than one would expect. I found this to increase my experience and knowledge that I obtained. I have learned a lot from my professors at this school. If it were not for the administration, I would give this school an A+. I Enjoy It Here, a Little Too Quiet Though. It's a nice campus, very clean and all of the faculty are very kind. If they feel you are falling behind they work with you, give you extra time to make up your work and are also VERY flexible with hours. An Easy Process – I did not have to apply for financial aid because my parents had my tuition covered.If I did have to apply for it then there wouldn't be a problem because they work with you through out. Very Convenient and Accesible – Online classes are great for doing whenever you want to and not have a set schedule. Love It! Was disappointed not to be able to afford a 4-year college, but have loved my experience so far. Some Professors Are Not the Best – I have had a few professors that do not seem to care much about their students, they just teach and that is it. Pretty Fair – My overall experience was pretty fair. I was however disappointed that I had to go to the main campus for some of my classes instead of the campus closer to my house but other than that I was pretty satisfied. I'm Not Eligible – I am not eligible for financial aid because my parents make too much money for the school to give me a break on tuition. Wireless Access Needs Help – My school does provide wireless internet but it is sometimes hard to get a connection or the connection is weak. Student Life – My school has a variety of events dedicated to students. There's spring flings, proms, holiday parties, and special events such as "ghost hunting" Why I Would Recommend BCCC – I would recommend Bucks County Community College because there are many options for students. There are three campuses, online classes, a wide variety of degree and certificate programs, as well as early classes and night classes. Why Bucks – I choose this school for the location, and to start college. I found campus to be very helpful when it came to the general resources. The library was very accessible and always had enough computers/laptops available. Also the staff there was very supportive and willing to assist with issues. The tutoring center is also extremely helpful and offered walk-in, no appt needed, service. I am very satisfied with the resources the campus has to offer! I was very openminded about the online course because I had never taken one before. The online software was very confusing at first but I soon became familiar with it. My relationship with my professor was not as good as with my others', but I found it easy to communicate with him when needed. The interaction with other students in the class was pretty good because the online software enabled us to communicate easily. Overall my experience was great, but I would much rather prefer a regular lecture course. Limited Flexibility With Curriculum – I am currently in the Psychology pre-professional program, and the program has a rigorous and fairly prescribed curriculum. This is good because I have completed many of the courses required in four-year programs, and I am now used to working hard. There is some flexibility with electives. Most of these classes will transfer. Great Value – This school has really helped me prepare for a four-year university. Most of the classes were challenging, the professors are always ready to help, and it was an easy commute At Bucks, because of the diversity that is present, there are plently of clubs and groups around campus that make their "stories" known. Bucks CCC definitely has a mass diversity of cultures and ethinicities. There is always a place for someone at Bucks and generally, everyone is friendly and open to new people. Many students of Bucks come from all different types of economic classes. Some students come from Philadelphia in the lower economic classes while some students come from the Newtown area who are in a higher economic class. Alot of students also work part (or full) time along with taking classes. The students age ranges from 16(students in high school who take college credits) to people as old as 70 (yes, I have personally had a 70 year old in my psychology class)! I have not yet had to deal with the impact of a Financial Aid Office. I am fortunate enough (at the community college level) to have not had to get loans or financial aid from the school. Because I have had to pay for college and books with the help of my parents, the tuition has however, affected me. I would say that the tuition at Bucks County is a steal for the great education you receive. Not to mention the easy process it is to schedule your classes and then pay your bill. Once you get onto your WebAdvisor account, you schedule your classes as you'd like. After this, you click "Pay Bill/Tuition". Enter in the billing information and you're ready to go to class! Bucks County Community College makes college as "easy" as college can get. The Best Things About Bucks – As I've said before, Bucks County Community College has one of the greatest tutoring centers I have ever been to. Aside from the tutoring center, Bucks makes information readily available to students ranging from clubs and acitivies to the honor's society. They have bullitin boards all over campus with newsletters about what is going on around campus. Along with this, they make sure to send out emails to all of the students ensuring that they are aware of important dates (such as registration, advising, etc.) are coming up. They make sure the teachers and professors around campus also get the message to the students in case students forget to check their email. Thh campus resources are very good. Tech support it awesome and you can get wireless internet easily. Bucks does not have any major involving horticulture. I can do most of my general courses and can start getting my education without paying alot of money. Bucks has great teachers and what you pay for school is worth it. I am learning alot and needed help with financial aid. The financial aid office is extremely helpful. Bucks County Community College is one of the best community colleges in Pennsylvania. It is also very close to home and the cost is extremely affordable. It is different from many community colleges because almost all of their courses are transferrable to other Universities. Resourses Are Okay – The school has a gym with a swimming pool,a student center, and a big library. The student center is the main hang out on the campus for waiting in between classes. A downside to the campus is the that the campus activities are sparse. Professors Care About Students – Although the school is a community college the professors genuinely care about their students. The smaller classes enables a closer relationship between the professor and student. This provides a better learn environment for the student. Class Interest – I am always faced with new information that kept my mind wanting for information. I have had many essays but was great for improving my critical thinking and writing skills. So far I've taken three classes at the campus and whenever I had a problem understanding an assignment they teachers always seem eager and ready to help me. Time-Consuming, but Beneficial! The professors that I have encountered at Bucks thus far, have all been spectacular. They are always there to help you learn and understand things you don't get. Although i've met some that are a little dull while teaching, they are very nice people and are always willing to work with you individually if you need it. The class registration process is very time-consuming. You need to search through a multitude of classes to find the one that fits your schedule and needs. There is such a wide variety of courses. You must take into account what day the class is on, what time, who the teacher is, what the style of teaching is, etc. Although if you take the appropriate time to do this, you will be very satisfied! Because there are so many options, you are able to find the perfect class for you. They even have online and hybrid courses to suit your needs. Act fast though, if you wait too long you may be too late! Bucks offers many different study options and programs to help you succeed. The tutoring center is a major asset if you need help in a certain area! It's Worth It! The education I am receiving at Bucks is equal to the education of those who go away to school. The only difference is that I am paying a lot less money! Every dollar is worth it in my opinion. The financial aid office is very helpful and will assist you with anything you need. They have great payment plans you can utilize if you, like me, are paying your own tuition and are unable to pay it all at once. The only advice I have is to make sure you're saving your money and are able to make your payments on time! Also, take advantage of the fact that you are receiving such an excellent education for a low cost and really put a lot of effort in your school work! It'll pay off in the future! It was so easy for me to drop andadd classes that I felt i needed more then others. Hard to Get – Financial aid I rate with a d plus but tuition I grade with an A plus. Tuition to this beautiful campus is so inexpensive it's even cheaper then some catholic high schools. No Regrets – At first I was a little skeptical about going to Bucks. I've heard of bucks being 13th grade, its just like high school. My experienece at bucks was more then I could ever ask for! I felt like all my classes were very orgainized and cozy. I actually loved going to school when I went there!!! Seems diverse and accepting. I personally enjoy interacting with all different types of people so I appreciate when there is a diverse student body. Very flexible and easy determining which courses I needed and scheduling them. Beautiful, clean campus. Nice people, good variety of ages and ethnicities. Classes offered through flexible types (regular, hybrid, on-line) and flexible times (day, night, Saturdays, intersessions.) Good professors as well. I would definitely recommend BCCC. Serving Its Purpose – I like the school I attend. I'm planning on transfering so it is much cheaper to go here first. I feel happy about my stay while here and feel I made the right choice to come here first to get ready for university. Environmentally Friendly – Bucks County Community College was built with the environment in mind. All of our windows are heat efficient, this means when its cold outside, our buildings stay warmer and when it is hot out the building stays cool. As i am just starting off in Bucks, i feel my school is very modern and environmentally friendly. Compared to my high school, Bucks is awesome. Bucks County Community College has comfy chairs for your longer classes, and an awesome Allied Health Classroom where i will be spending a lot of my time. Overall Bucks has it all, sports, events/activities, leadership and volunteer opportunities, and student organizations. I would highly recommend Bucks County Community College to anyone. Describe the Computer Network at Your School. In some areas your luckey to get any wi-fi and you need a password to log in but i ask the librarey and some other places of technical help what it was and they have no clue. Specific Major at Your School? Its ok the work ethic is like high school but they expect a little more out of you. Good about due dates for homework and papers. Its an average work load nothing special. The Answer to the Question Above. The only thing i like about bucks is that you still feel like your in high school so its a good stepping stone for new students. Its also low in price so i wont have to worry about paying for school for the rest of my life since i dont have much of it anyways. Computer Labs – The computer labs on campus is a great way to get some extra studying done. I have used them many times when my computer has crashed and I have to send out urgent e-mails. The workload is challenging but doable if you can plan your time right. I was kind of scared about taking online classes, but it helps in the winter, especially, when the campus doesn't have classes on campus. I would enjoy taking them again! Professors: Wanting to Help Students – The professors on campus are extremely nice and very helpful. There have been a few times where I have not been able to understand what we were going over in class. I would go to my professor's office during hours and ask if they could explain it better. They have been great at pushing students to produce their full potential. It's a great school to start at. But in the long run it was not what I was looking for in a school. "The Hub", is full of people who are not willing to help you. The admissions desk is the worst. Its Ok – The curriculum is very conveniet the oly hassle is `very limited space for classes. Not Great – it is not great at all.its very difficult to get financial aid . My school very quiet and small, really great professors, and most off all very great at helping students reach their goals. Comfortable Atomsphere – I love it at BCCC with diversity. Very pleasant school to study. Online Allows Me to Study and Care for My Children. Professors are very dedicated to assist with any student problems to resolve. Very wonderful to have understanding professors and staff. Flexible Weekend Hours – I can get to the campus close to my home and the flexible hours allow me to care for my children and continue my studies. Bucks is a great school as far as community colleges go. They are very organized in administration and financial aid. Check Your Student E-Mail – I get a lot of emails periodically from the alumni, they have join postings near the library & Business center, yet you have to search for these things. I'm currently in school & have yet to use these services. Remember There Are 3 Campuses – I have been to 2 out of the 3 campuses for Bucks & they are both well equipped with technology. The main campus has plenty of trails, sporting fields, and nice library. Always something to get involved or have an ease to do researching. Apply Sooner – I applied for classes about two weeks before they started and was generally satisfied with my classes after I fixed the times. Also, I would suggest looking for loans/financial aid/grants sooner because I didn't qualify for financial aid and my loan was denied before my spring semester began. I was left to pay for the bill out of pocket, which wasn't bad since the credits are cheap. You get a lot of bang for your buck with friendly teachers and students. P.S. If you plan to transfer, you have to pay to you're your transcripts released and it must be done in person. Not Started Yet – I am going into the nursing program in the fall. I have just completed all the classes required to get into the program. So far I am satisfied with my experience at BCCC. I Love This School. They make getting a degree so easy. The classes are small so there is a lot of one-on-one with the teachers. They make getting help so easy. Tutoring is always available. Advisors are available when planning your classes. I am extremely happy with my experience at this school. I Love This School. They make getting a degree so easy. The classes are small so there is a lot of one-on-one with the teachers. They make getting help so easy. Tutoring is always available. Advisors are available when planning your classes. I am extremely happy with my experience at this school. There are many different typed of people who go to Bucks, we have people with learning and physical disabilities and then we have students who breeze right through the classesI have had with single mothers, kids right out of high school. Most of my experiences have been positive. Difficult but Friendly – Applying for financial aid at Bucks is difficult. Even if you do not get financial assistance off your parents you still need all of their information. I have had to call the financial aid office several times myself for help and everytime the staff has been extremely patient and friendly with me. Reliable and Ready – The computers at Bucks are always available, quick and ready to use. If you ever have any questions about the computers somebody is always there to assists you. I give them an A+. Online Is the Way to Go! CONVENIENT! it's all on your own time and you do not have to deal with other students on different paces than you. It does take some getting used to to figure out how different programs work, but it's not too bad. It is definitely great for those of us that work a lot and have a hard time making our work schedules fit with the class times. Bucks in a Nutshell – The professors are friendly and very available. They are always willing to help and are very involved with their students. The curriculum is typical and matches most 4 yr universities. The registration process is a hassle because we need a code from an advisor to register, hello were adults we can figure out what we need on our own, if we need help than we can ask. The workload is probably a lot less than what other 4 yr universities give so I cannot complain. There is a tutoring center that has tons of hours, and they have a wide variety of classes and programs to be involved with. Why Bucks Rocks. Bucks is very convenient for me. It's about 15 minutes down the road from me and any classes I cannot get at the Perkasie campus I can take online. My school is unique because it is pretty much all locals.The students and professors are all from the same area so it makes it easy to relate. I wouldn't change schools because this one is so close to me and right now I cannot affod another one, plus the atmosphere at Bucks is very nice. At the end of the day, they are benefiting me and helping me to further my education! Former students of the college formed the Bucks County Paralegal Association and they help students find jobs and internships and just general networking. My teacher is also in communication with a lot of other lawyers so she helps people find jobs. Career Specific – My program specifically trains you for a specific job and they do a good job to tell you what it's like in the real world and give you options. people who aren't aiming for this particular career won't take these classes. I have a few classmate who took it just to try it out and see if they liked it and the way the program works, they find out by midterms if this is the career for them. It's very straight forward. Paralegal Studies – I am involved with their paralegal studies program because it is one of the few schools in Pennsylvania that has an ABA approved program. My teachers are very competent, very knowledgeable, and are willing to help you when you ask for it. They do a good job in preparing you for what it will be like working in a real law firm. Your Face Is a Number – nobody knows your name and doesn't take the time to get to know you. I needed help figuring out what kind of career I should go for and all my advisors either got annoyed at me for being indesive or just picked one for me (same when it came down to finding a college) and ran with itt even though I wasn't interested. A State Park Is Your Backyard – Tyler State Park is literally right behind Bucks County Community College's main campus in Newtown. It makes for a unique time becasue duriong down time you can go for hikes and watch nature whenever you want. However, at any other campus the social scence is very scarce. I've made very little connections with people since I've been there and I am a very out-going person. I got involved with Habitat which is very well funded and organized, unlike many of the other clubs, so I got to meet people there. My Happiness Is Mediocre – I like my school even though it was not where I wanted to be right after high school. However, it is bringing me closer to where I want to be, at a four year university. I haven't attended to many school functions but it has a really good Habitat for Humanity Club and Gay, Straight Alliance Club. Professors are for the most part wonderful and Challenging, which is great because it is preparing me for when I do get to the University level. Due to the fact that this is a community college, most students transfer to a four year college rather than enter the workforce upon graduation, so I would say that while Bucks doesn't have a career center they do have a phenomenal transfer center that helps students continue their education! I think that this school has a very diverse group of students. There are students right out of high school as well as a lot of older students continuing their education. My experience has been relatively convenient since beginning online classes. The course load is realistic and the resources are great. I love the fact that Bucks has many transfer agreements with a variety of schools including the one I wish to transfer to. Online Psychology – taking an online psychology class compared to an in class one was a lot different. online you do not really have that good teacher connection. procrastination plays a big role with an online class because the do it at your own pace thing is a problem. where as in the class there are strict deadlines. i thought online was overall easier though. There are lots of resources on campus, frequent career, transfer, and major fairs. Computer labs, a gym, daycare, and much to see on campus. While a fair amount is typically offered if there is any kind of mix up on your part or theres you will spend months trying to rectify it. Highschool Anyone? The majority of the student body at BCCC are just highschool-esque kids, or moms of highschool kids. Not the most social school but not the worst either. Ups and Downs – Bucks is only a community college but they could definitley work on their customer service skills here and there. Overall though the school is affordable and offers a wide range of classes in a range of locations. Their online courses are great if you're internet savvy. Parking is awful. Class Availability – I love that there are multiple options for many of the classes that I need to take. I have a lot of choices to fit my schedule. The People Are Rude. Everybody that I have asked about financial aid has been incredibly rude to me. It seems as if they do not care, and do not like their jobs. Free Parking Permits. It is really helpful that we do not need to pay for parking permits. Not Enough Computers. I feel that there needs to be a time limit on the computers in the library, or certain sites should be blocked. I find it ridiculous when I need to type a paper and people are spending hours on facebook. There are not enough computers to go around. Other than the library, there are not many open computer labs. I think that more computers are necessary. I have not taken any online courses because I feel that they will be too difficult, and I will have nobody to help me. Professors Are Distant. Advisors Are Hard to Find. My professors are very hard to get in contact with. Some of them e-mail me back, but many do not. I feel like they do not care about my questions sometimes. I wish that if was easier to get in touch with them. My main problem is Advising. I have trouble finding and getting in contact with an advisor. The whole advising process is just a headache. I need an advisor, and yet; I still do not understand how to get one.